The Elder Scrolls IV - The Forgotten Capital
Some people say this is the best game in history.
eye for eye!!!
An immersive game world
Make you feel like you want to be part of the game
Then there is a combat system that I can’t get started with.
Not at all
do not move
You are illegal, prepare a lawyer's fee or serve your sentence.
Recently I was very addicted to the film of the Elder Scrolls IV.
So I want to make a movie about this game, probably it’s almost like this.
I played this game a long time ago, it is a super salty game, beyond the times.
Looking back now
(Can’t help but laugh)
Not at all mad, and watching the wrong place in the game is super funny.
Can only blame this game development is too ambitious, and then come up with a bunch of problems
I think part of it is destined to be messed up.
We will look at these issues together today, but without my words, but with my buddies.
Todd~~~
Back to the cup
Howard
This type of man is the producer of the Elder Scrolls series. If you haven’t bought the Elder Scrolls series on any platform.
He will be very disappointed with you
"I want to be the quarterback of the Cowboys in the future." I said, "I will do video games in the future."
"Intelligent obstacles, you still go back to chess club eight"
See who is still laughing now?
(explosion) (Kage face watermark)
It was indeed a chess club for me at the time.
(hiking)
I like his super shameful saying, "I was a chess club at the time, but I am super cool now."
Believe me, I did the Elder Scrolls IV, really God
I think the major change in this game is
In-game AI design, system AI allows players to be in this world
Interact with game characters like the real world
Then to reach the goal, you can observe the environment, see what works around you, and decide which ones can help the player to achieve the goal.
So this game has...
Super intelligent AI
Look, another idiot, you can dance and have a look
I will let your body dance and tear them apart.
(turned to be tripped)
(hiking)
And not just smart AI, they really think about it.
m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~m~
m~m~m~m~m~m~
In this moment
Jackson finally understands
So fierce
Smart AI, they also make amnesia in the game
Look at these guards and kill the robbers.
(inhalation)
Oh my god.
No... Sorry, are you okay?
I...
This person is dead
It’s exactly what day, I didn’t happen, I killed people.
Not to mention the perfect dubbing in those games, really
Super fierce
We have heard the thief break into the Yaken University, the area that belongs to the empire, and the temple, all on the night.
Wait a minute, let me re-record
Take care
well said
Well said, I really fit into this game.
This game really shows the breadth of seiyuu, I love it.
Of course, those are all
False, let them have an excuse to fool us
Grateful, kindhearted
You give him a little money and then
Have you ever heard of an old man’s ghost looking to Nibin Bay every night?
Peanut province mode? (They call him) How did he do it? He got the money.
The second child is gone soon?
Grateful, kindhearted
Have you ever heard of an old man’s ghost looking at it every night...
My old swan
Fully compressable game space
Let the voices repeat the dialogue
As long as there is dialogue, repeat
They only need a seiyuu, instead of looking for a bunch of seiyuu, and finally come to make a collage
Super ~ ~ he Ma Zan, then look at the money for the game characters
Just ask for enough for me
Grateful, kind gentleman (grateful, kind gentleman)
Your shadow bless you. Grateful, kind gentleman
Akatos Abani bless you
Grateful, kind gentleman
Your shadow bless you. (Awesome)
Your ambassador bless you.
Grateful, kind gentleman
Not to mention the superb underground maze exploration and in-game tasks
You, what are you doing here?
Did the parliament run away? No time, I am the only survivor (you are the only survivor?) Follow me,
Thank God, you are the only survivor, at least one
(I was immediately killed by the agency) Really super intelligent AI
Maybe he is fine, you see, maybe he is fine (again)
Forget it, he died. This game is also the ancestor of the mountain that poisoned other people's food, and then let them eat silently.
Like a professional killer, look together
Welcome, have you heard Alga tell his story?
He is the best poet I have ever met. Of course, the poet is a sentimental, you are you.
Take a poison and react immediately
So they all ate poison apples (hello)
(A~~)
Hello~ Ah~~~
God
Have you heard of the highlands?
eat
Oh, my old swan
Some people say that the conversation of the Elder Scrolls IV is a bit strange.
I am 100% disagree with this statement. Is this conversation super wonderful and super immersive?
It makes me feel like a part of the game world and I live in it.
Very perfect, perfect conversation (Hello, how are you today?)
I am Mirabelle Monet, operating a sailor hotel, sorry, the beds are reserved for the crew (harmonized with sperm)
(hiking)
This is a classic case, you can listen to these NPC conversations.
You will really feel that you are living in this universe
It’s you, Hi.
How did you do it? I met some Goblin in the woods not long ago.
Disgusting little monster
It’s terrible, I heard that the elves train them, I can’t imagine
Bye
Good Bye~
Hello, Argonian
HELLOOOO (Super Weird)
How do you do it?
Have you heard anything else?
Good bye~
Hello
Well, there are a lot of imitations of these conversations, all of them are awesome.
I should go, I will meet again.
Bye
Hi! Bye Bye
Hey, there are a lot of this, (go to send a letter?) (you know) (I might get it tomorrow) (hear it)
(high-five)
I think this is a perfect summary of this dialogue.
Hello, we haven't... (Hi) Introduce yourself, I am Michael, you must be Alice (right)
Nice to meet you, Alice, (me too)
Alice, do you want to go to my apartment (okay) Thank you
Alice, it seems
We all have autism, right? (Yes) Well, know it.
I think Ah, we are very similar, Alice, it is very difficult to talk to other people.
Before I met you
I want to praise you.
Like saying
I think about it, what is praise?
Your eyes are brown like a trunk
Pewdiepie is stunned (just an idea)
Oh, my god, I... there is only one way to get to the end, with super beautiful
Cute fans, this beautiful Asian will follow you everywhere in the game.
Yes, great and omnipotent hero
Do you have any need? Can I help you with your weapon? (He can help you with a bunch of bad goods, can you help you with your shoes, or even brush your back)
Can you polish your shoes? Or brush your back? Anything can be
Sometimes you will wake up in the middle of the night and slippery in the pants.
By this film super old, old swan
This time is long enough to upload Youtube videos.
By Azura, by Azura, by Azura.
It’s a big hero, Ah~~ I can’t believe that you are standing here.
Next to me
No~~~~
The Elder Scrolls IV, the perfect game, if you haven't played, I suggest you go find it right away~
If you like it, just like it.
Go buy a fingertip gyro, see you next time~ Bros, I mean, SISTERS~~~
See you in the next video.